# ModelObjectsLH

This package defines the abstract `ModelObject` type and the `ObjectId` concept. 

The idea is to provide a way of keeping track of where an object is located inside a model that consists of nested `ModelObject`s. This is useful for finding objects by `ObjectId` and for keeping track of where model parameters "belong."

## ModelObject

The abstract type [`ModelObject`](@ref) determines which objects the methods of `ModelObjectsLH` work on. Objects that are not subtypes of [`ModelObject`](@ref) are ignored.

A `ModelObject` typically contains other `ModelObjects`. Each contains (potentially) calibrated parameters.

```@docs
ModelObject
```


## [`ObjectId`](@ref)

Each `ModelObject` has a unique [`ObjectId`](@ref). It identifies where each object is located in the model hierarchy. Example: ":model > :firm > :technology" would be (the string representation of) and `ObjectId`.

The `ObjectId` keeps track of the parent object and of an index. The index is used when a vector of objects is created. For example, if we have several household types, their `ObjectId`s might be `:hh[1]`, `:hh[2]`, etc. 

`ObjectId`s are automatically unique. Even if and object named `:Foo` occurs in different child objects of a `ModelObject`, the `ObjectId`s will be unique.

Using an `ObjectId`, the corresponding object can be located inside the parent object without ambiguity.

[`make_string`](@ref) produces a `String` representation of an `ObjectId`. This is useful for writing `ObjectId`s to text based data structures, such as JSON files. [`make_single_id`](@ref) does the reverse: it reconstructs the `ObjectId` from the string generated by `make_string`. This is used for reading `ObjectId` from text based files.

`ObjectId`s can be constructed in several ways. [`make_object_id`](@ref) creates an `ObjectId` from its string representation.

```@docs
ObjectId
get_object_id
make_string
make_child_id
make_single_id
make_object_id
own_name
```

## Traversing ModelObjects

```@docs
collect_object_ids
collect_model_objects
```

------------